the rust building up on the collection
of wrecked Russian tanks in the center
of keev is a reminder of how long this
conflict has lasted and how War fatigue
has now been compounded by Israel's war
in Gaza it's led to fears that attention
and much needed military aid is being
diverted away from Ukraine Ukraine alone
cannot um stop Russia without military
AIDS from other
countries yes of course I'm concerned
because any War means transferring the
world's attention to another
country with civilians here coming under
repeated Russian attacks Ukraine can
empathize with the suffering in the
Middle East watching the mounting
casualties in Gaza arouses much sympathy
with the plight of Palestinians but
Ukraine's large Jewish community and its
traditional links with Israel means
there's outrage at the Hamas attacks on
Israelis at the beginning of this cycle
of
violence support for Israel has
strengthened after Hamas leaders visited
Moscow The Hope in keev is that the US
and its Western leaning allies treat the
continuing Joint Defense of Israel and
Ukraine as a counter to Russia's
suspected attempts to introduce a new
world order so this about uh American
National interest this about Global
Security interest and I think that uh
slow
uh this kind of balance would be
achieved but the election of new US
House speaker Mike Johnson with his
stated goal of decoupling the proposed
joint Israel Ukraine Aid package being
considered by Congress has caused some
concern President Joe Biden's free hand
in giving keev the kind of support it's
received so far may be under threat Bob
McBride Al jazer
ke make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jaaz